---
layout: post
title: "2013: A Year to Come"
date: "2012-12-31 12:27"
comments: true
categories: personal
published: true
---

2013 Goals
----------

Instead of resolutions, I try to set some personal goals each year. Some years it works, 
some years it doesn't. Last year I had 2 primary goals and I feel like I achieved each.
The first was to end the year weighing under 200 pounds for the first time since high school. I'm happy to report that as of yesterday morning I weight 184 lbs, so unless I somehow consumed a significant
amount of food while sleeping last night I met that goal. My second goal was to help organize 
a local conference. It wasn't quite a conference, but I did help run the Nashville Hack Day, a 
one day event where developers came together to hangout and share ideas.

<!--more-->

Because I was successful with two goals last year, I'm upping the game for 2013. Below I've jotted 
some goals for this year.

- Run in at least 4 races, including a 1/2 marathon.

    Over the past year I've been running and really enjoying it. Last year the only race I ran was the Pycon 5k. In addition to 
repeating that race this year, I'm also planning on running the Ellie's Run for Africa race in Nashville and the Firecracker 5k in Brentwood, TN. 
Along with the 5k races, I'm also planning on trying to finish the Country Music 1/2 Marathon.
- Practice Building a product.

    I've been playing around with an idea, called buckit.io, for the past few weeks. This next year I want to focus on taking the idea and making it
a product. The longer I work as a developer, the more interested I've become in not only the technical execution, but also the other details that entail
creating a full fledged product.
- Help others learn the practice of development

    There are some very cool things happening in the Nashville technology scene. I had the pleasure to be somewhat involved in the Nashville Software School this past year. For 2013, I want to be much more invloved as a mentor.

    Alongside the NSS, the other goal I have with regards to helping others is to run a python workshop. I don't know the details yet, but I want to help introduce python to more people in the Nashville area.

- Enjoy my family

    My final goal for 2013 is to spend more time enjoying my family. Over the past year, we've discovered how much we enjoying getting outside and getting away from technological overload. So for 2013, we want to spend more time at Radnor Lake, Percy Warner park and others. Alongside getting out and enjoying the family, I can't wait to get to know that newest addition to our family, who will be joining us sometime in June.